Chapter 1: Escapism 101

"What have you done?" Conor yelled out to the air, as if believing by doing so, he would get answers.
But no answers came.
Snapping out, he realised that he had to act quickly.
Once his grandma's car pulled into the driveway, all would be lost.
Taking advantage of the precious time he had, Conor packed whatever he might need into his rucksack.
Creeping out, Conor started running, enveloped under a shroud of darkness.
He could see lights from his grandma's house, screams and shouts, but he didn't dare look back.
Running faster than he had ever done before, Conor burst into his house, the one with the yew tree.
He cracked the safe and stuffed wads of notes into his rucksack.
Continuing his frenzied packing, Conor ran out and away before anyone was the wiser.

Chapter 2: Shrek-tastic

Never gonna give you up plays in the background and Conor was strolling casually out from his home.
He had no idea what he needed to do, but for now, he had escaped the horrors he might have otherwise 
had to face back at that hell of a home. He took a seat and began reading a Monster calls to see
what he could possibly do next. The technology was so advanced they got the book out even before 
publishing and this helped Conor realise he had to go the abandoned shed. What he didn't read was
that he would there meet Shrek, a god that he was supposed to worship, in the book.
He saw a temple and started praying.
He was oblivious to the sign above that said "Shrek Worship".

Chapter 3: Yew Tree VS Shrek

"CONOR YOU HAVE BETRAYED ME!" Out of the blue, the yew tree appeared, raging. "HOW DARE YOU WORSHIP SHREK NOT ME!"
And Conor knew that something was wrong.
He gulped fearfully and ran before anyone had processed what had happened.
Time seemed to stall for a few seconds.
And he saw a glimpse of the monster and Shrek fighting.
They were tearing chunks out of each other.
He didn't want to go back, perhaps never.
Flagging a taxi, he zoomed to the airport.
And in the distance, he could still hear roars.
Flipping out the book, he saw the bloodied scenes.
He closed it and dumped it into the rucksack.

Chapter 4: America

So this was America.
Conor was enthralled.
It was better than all the postcards his dad had ever sent him.
But he knew that it was risky to stay in America.
If his dad came, he would get thrown back into his grandma's custody.
After a long time sightseeing and eating, he made up his mind.
He decided to go far away, where no one could find him.
And thus began his endless journey around the world, on foot.
